Living with human robots

Coming back to Slovenia after spending 9 months abroad was very hard for me,
especially because the 3 months I spent in NYC were the best 3 months of my
life. Living home on a hill in s small Village very close to the Austrian border
is very painful.

Motivation is always a problem in that kind of environment. Because they are not
used of jobs where you create for a living, and not even art. But like
programming, which is mostly referenced as "Playing with the computer" falls
short compared to a job like packing shampoo into carton or working in a call
center, basically anything where you don't have any responsibilities beside
watching out for yourself.

Communication! Works only if they like and understand what you are saying. They
do not want to think about what you said. So if I don't like something and try
to present my problem, I would always get back a generic answer like: "You are
wierd!", "Where did you come from?!", "You are thinking to much!", "We didn't
raise you like that!". Which can be very frustrating for when they present
something they don't like and I'm listening and actually thinking of solutions
on how to accommodate them and they don't even care. It seems like they
just wanted to complain at the end, nothing more that that.

Nothing to talk about. That awkwardness every time you see them and you don't
want to do some small talk in a Seinfeld way because they take it as an attack
on their ego or whatever. So it always ends in a bad look or they telling me
how weird I am for insulting everybody around myself. Yeah, yeah... So I just
don't do it. I don't want to do theirs either because I got tired of hearing
it over and over again in the past 15 years, it didn't change. It's always
saying the dogs name in 5 different ways, or asking yourself out loud if he is
still home.

Loneliness. It's one of the hardest things to cope with for me. That constant
pressure where you feel like whatever you will do, they will try to convince you
that you're doing it wrong. I found a few ways to overcome this feeling. One is
to get into a special place in your mind where you are surrounded with people
that lift you up and support what you do, basically meditation, requires deep
focus and is very hard to keep up for a long time. Second is to use mind-sight
to foresee future events where if you hold on and do the work in this tortures
condition, it will pay of and be very useful. This one is very powerful and I
use it almost every day (if needed). The last one is to physically leave the
place and find an environment where you are growing just by being there. One of
the greatest feelings.
// Write how you've been "escaping" for a few years now

Don't take risks! Story of my childhood. I grew up with constant "Don't do
this!", "Don't do that!", "That's dangerous!", "Getting hurt is not good!",...
And I believed them, don't know if it was because I had respect for them or just
because they were threatening me and I fell under the fear of being punished. I
was always careful, avoided doing stuff where I could get hurt or brake
something because I was told that it's not okay to fail.

No personality. Get to know one individual and it's like you know the whole
village, not that the village is so small but the people are so alike. The only
difference is physical body, name instead of a serial number, birth year as
production year, school years as chipset model. What bothers me about this is
that they actually have a brain and that they are able to think for themselves,
they just don't want to do it. I think fear play a huge role here, fear of being
humiliated, undervalued, weak. Ego maybe? They created an image for themselves
by finishing high school and getting a job. That took effort though, so why did
they stop putting in the effort to be a better person every day, week, month,
year or 10 years at least?! Maybe because after high school you have to take
life into your own hands because theres no teachers that tell you what to do?!
Maybe because they discovered that they can get through life easy with just
working from 9 to 5, no bigger responsibilities than creating a family, paying
the bills and not die?! I don't know, you don't know, only they know but I don't
know if they know...


The "Do you even know how to have a conversation". I get that about 2-3 times
per week, always from the same person. It goes something like that: ðŸ‘¸: "Did
you see the big snow storm that happened in NYC?" me: "What makes you think that I
don't know?! It's been in the news all week." ðŸ‘¸: "I just ask so that we talk."
me: "You don't have anything else to say? Why don't we just talk about how this
table is round also?!"

se delasÅ¡ norca, bosÅ¡ bedak ostal, kaj gledasÅ¡ to tak brezveze
