There's a few questions I ask myself when I need/want to learn something:
  - Will it help me achieve what I'm after?
  - Will it make things easier for me?
  - What all can I do with my new skill?

I discovered that the fastest way for me to learn something is by doing it. That
means that I do a lot of tutorials.

Going through a tutorial every day helps me get to know different skills that I
usually wouldn't know about. It's basically preparing for the future, because
you never know what kind of knowledge will be useful for the next thing you want
to build, that's why I like being prepared and see what all is out there so that
I know where to go or what to do when I need to. This is vital in the currently
fast changing tech scene.

Trello. I use Trello for keeping track of which tutorials I've already done or
still have to do. Instead of searching for tutorials every day I once or twice
a week all the tutorial sites to see if there are any new tutorials that I'm
interested in. In case there is a new tutorial I take the url and title and
create a new card from it in my "Learning - 1 Card A Day" list, which holds the
references of the tutorials that need to be done. So when that time in the day
comes that I decide to go through a tutorial, I just go to this list and pick
the first one (usually). When I'm done with the tutorial, I move the card to
the "Done" list. This allows me to get a tutorial quick w/o the need to search
around the internet and I don't have to think about which ones I've already done
so it's organized nicely.

Momentum. Helps me keep the habit alive, day to day. In the app I have a task
"Programming tutorial" and every time I finish a tutorial, I check a box. I
started doing it January 1st this year and it took me like 2 weeks to start
doing them daily (If I missed out a day I did 2 the next day). But now I'm
hooked, now no day can go by without me finishing a tutorial, totally addicted.
In combination with Trello, this became a vital part of my everyday and makes me
want to improve even when everything inside me is against it.
